A long, long time ago...
Out of nowhere, a strange light
rained down upon the world.
The entire world.
And that light turned everyone into stone.
After that, the world slowly collapsed.
The buildings and everything else,
all of civilization, vanished.
After humanity had spent
millions of years building it.
What a shame!
But there was one man who hadn't given up.
Even after he was petrified,
he held on to his consciousness.
In fact, he kept counting the seconds.
The date and time are too
precious to forget, he figured.
He's absolutely nuts.
And that man... was Senku-chan!
One summer day, thousands of years
after humanity was petrified,
Senku-chan awoke, all alone.
He found himself in an empty, primitive Earth.
I probably would've died
helplessly on the spot.
But Senku-chan is an awesome science whiz.
He made his own food, clothes, and shelter...
and eventually, he also made the revival fluid!
Senku's awesome!
I want to be like Senku, too!
The kids certainly love him.
Well, then, let's hear a word
from our amazing leader.
Senku-chan!
Sure, whatever. That was absolutely riveting.
Your super stone world
foundation story was epic.
I'm bawling over here.
Also, Gen, quit babbling
and put your hands to work.
You got me. I was procrastinating.
So, he used the revival fluid
to bring back this tough,
mighty guy named Tsukasa-chan.
This is a stone world.
An untainted paradise.
We'll revive only the pure-hearted youth
and live in a natural world owned by no one.
It's a chance to purify humanity.
Don't you agree, Senku?
Not at all.
Not even a millimeter.
I'm going to use the power of science
to rescue every single person.
They ended up in a massive disagreement.
So while Tsukasa-chan is all like,
"Let's build a new world!"
and reviving people to join him,
Senku-chan built a kingdom of science
on top of this village in order to fight him.
We're the Kingdom of Science!
Down with Tsukasa!
Although, Senku-chan...
We worked so hard on
the cell phone so we could
execute a preemptive
strike on Tsukasa-chan.
Shouldn't we get moving? It's going to be
spring soon, and they'll come knocking.
What are we making next?
Yeah...
That's why we're going to finish up
this super science project item.
A super item?
We're going to defeat the
Tsukasa Empire with agility and speed.
We're making humanity's greatest
survival science product: space food!
Sp...
...ace?
Food?
Here we go again!
Another craft that couldn't
possibly belong in a stone world!
What's "space"?
It's that place way, way above the sky.
This is starting to sound exciting again.
I can't wait!
It's just food, though, isn't it?
Yeah.
We're upgrading our favorite foxtail
millet ramen to be fit for battle.
Me! Me! I'll help!
I want ramen so bad!
Seriously! So bad!
Ginro, what are you trying to say?
But why do we need this
space... ramen for battle?
Ah! We're launching steaming hot
ramen at the enemy, correct?
I don't think that's it, Father.
There isn't any gravity in space,
let alone the room or time
to sit down for a meal.
This stuff is quick to prepare and nutritious.
It's also small and light.
That's the super well-thought-out,
precious food that is space food.
I see.
Tsukasa-chan doesn't want
to attack in the winter
partly because he wants more men, but...
It's a simple problem.
In this stone world, a mega-cold
winter battlefield is hell.
But we can overcome that
problem with science.
A warm, proper meal that
we can prepare instantly
would give us a ten billion
percent advantage.
It's the ultimate weapon in a winter battle.
Warm science food is going to keep us
powered up, in both body and spirit!
Space food sounds amazing!
This is the final super item for
our attack on the Tsukasa Empire.
Foxtail millet
Egg
Fish
Meat
Veggies
Ramen
Rope
Trees
Portable containers
Iron
Level 2 blowing
machines
Gears
Pumps
Water wheel
Vacuum devices
Snow
Space food
Let's get started!
Leave us to make the ramen.
Now that everyone in the
village has come together,
we can be more efficient than ever.
The maker team's gotta keep up, too.
We're going to build a machine to
upgrade that ramen into space ramen!
But how does this work?
We're going to vacuum the ramen.
We'll take all the air out.
It's the same as what we did before.
Ah, when we built the cell phones.
Those vacuum tubes were a real pain.
Wait, vacuum the ramen?
What does that mean?
Ramen
Sneak...
Okay, the ramen's done.
Now we just need to warm it up in soup.
That won't be necessary.
We're freezing it solid.
Why are we freezing all this delicious ramen?!
The rules are the rules.
Stop talking and get to work, Ginro!
This is space ramen?
No, this is just frozen food.
We're going to lighten this to Hell and back
so our troops can be even more mobile.
Lighten ramen?
You don't mean...
That's right.
We're making cup noodles.
It's the birth of freeze-dried food.
Freeze-dried, huh?
I've heard of it, but what
exactly are we doing?
We're literally freezing
it and then drying it.
That's all it is.
When you freeze food,
the moisture inside turns to ice.
Solid
Yeah, of course.
I get that much.
Put that in a vacuum, and the lack of air
in the environment turns the water...
Poof! Into vapor.
That dries out the food and
makes it super small and light.
This is all too complicated for me.
How exactly do we do the "poof!" part?
That's what the maker team's for.
It's done!
Check this out.
We used the water wheel that
we suffered so much to build...
to build a freeze drying machine!
I'm impressed, Chrome, Kaseki!
Everything here is made using things
we built together with Senku.
Yeah.
That's what humanity did, working away
diligently over the past two million years.
That's science.
We have freeze-dried ramen!
Space food acquired!!
Yes!
Wait, what is this?
It does look small and light, but...
Uh, it looks gross.
It's all spongy and rough.
Just watch.
Is this really edible, though?
Yo, I'll be the guinea pig!
A science user never hesitates
to jump on anything new!
You've said that before, too.
I'm pretty sure you just want
to be the first to eat it.
Yum!
Is it just me, or is it even better than
before, now that it's nice and hot?!
Here you go.
Now we can fight and eat at the same time!
I don't know if that really gives
us an advantage, Magma-chan.
I don't want anyone to get hurt.
We can't avoid fighting anymore, can we?
We aren't going to go kill anyone.
The victory condition for the Kingdom
of Science is remarkably simple.
We just want to capture the miracle cave
where we can gather the revival fluid.
If we can keep in touch with my friends
on the other side using our cell phones,
we could even accomplish a bloodless siege.
Are these friends of yours truly safe?
They've been infiltrating the enemy
army this whole time, haven't they?
Are they not in danger?
Not one millimeter of concern there.
Taiju and Yuzuriha aren't
going to croak that easily.
I wonder what they're like.
Considering they're Senku's friends,
they must be really, really smart.
Who the hell are these people?!
They look nothing like that!
Taiju's a simpleton who's
in charge of brawny stuff!
Huh?! Not what I expected...
It's become the official background music.
Amazing, huh?
Lillian-chan, the world's diva.
Everyone's in love, even in this age.
Her voice is still so beautiful,
even after hearing it so many times.
Everyone in the Tsukasa army
should hear this record, too.
It's so pretty, I'm destroyed!
Maybe it'll convince them to
stop attacking or something.
Lillian-chan's songs are way
too familiar to modern people.
They aren't going to be destroyed by it.
Besides, with this audio quality...
This audio quality...
Just come up already.
What do you want?
Heya.
I didn't want the pure-hearted to hear.
Like Kinro-chan and Kokuyo-chan.
It already sounds like
you've got a skeevy plan.
Good guess.
All we need is the record
and a pair of phones.
If it works out, we can actually
save seven billion people
in a bloodless siege on the Tsukasa Empire.
But if God happens to be watching,
Ishigami Senku and Asagiri Gen
are going to Hell together.
Not to worry.
God's been absent in the world
of science for ten billion years.
Let's hear it, mentalist.
I didn't want the pure-hearted to hear.
Like Kinro-chan and Kokuyo-chan.
It already sounds like
you've got a skeevy plan.
Senku and Gen? Holding a secret meeting?
Good guess.
Quiz time!
The secret to Tsukasa-chan's empire.
What's the unifying force
that brings them together?
A: Food.
B: Hot chicks.
C: Tsukasa-chan himself.
C, obviously.
Ding, ding, ding! Ten billion points!
Tsukasa-chan's always been a popular figure,
with his "strongest high
school primate" title.
Which means that, in order
to break them apart,
we just need someone who's as famous
and popular as Tsukasa-chan.
Hi! I'm Lillian Weinberg.
A woman's voice!
From that record!
I can kind of fake a woman's voice, too.
Although it's pretty tough.
No, that was close.
That was really close.
But it's going to be totally
obvious that it's a guy's voice.
I know, right?
But what if the voice came over
our low-quality, noisy phones?
And you're using the voice from
the record as authentication.
Ding, ding, ding! A hundred billion points!
What are they talking about?
Lillian's live singing, heard over the phone...
A powerful voice only she could pull off.
Well, it is her, after all.
You'd have to believe that Lillian's
alive and on the other end of the phone.
This is Lillian Weinberg
calling from America.
People of Japan, please hear me out.
The world hasn't collapsed.
The United States has already recovered.
Help is on the way to Japan, as well.
So you're going to make a zombie
Lillian to tell a big, fat lie,
and deceive everyone with false hope.
We're definitely going to Hell.
Okay, got it. We'll figure out the details later.
Let's go with that.
That was quick!
What do you mean, "okay, got it"?!
I didn't get any of that!
Tell him from the top, mentalist.
First, we deliver the cell phone
to Taiju-chan and Yuzuriha-chan.
We very quietly let Tsukasa's army hear it,
and play Lillian-chan's songs.
Thus we trick them.
This call is coming from America.
The world hasn't collapsed!
They all think the old
world's been destroyed.
That's the only reason they're
following their great leader Tsukasa.
Well, it is destroyed.
If they think there's help on the
way, that changes everything.
After we make most of
Tsukasa's army turn on him,
we coordinate using our cell phones
and conquer them in one swift move.
Not a single drop of blood will be spilled.
Wait, they'll figure out you lied later!
Who cares?
None of that matters once we capture
Tsukasa-chan and Hyoga-chan.
Of course you'd come up with a ten billion
percent underhanded plan like that.
It's exhilarating!
Everyone in the Tsukasa Empire is
going to hate us to death later.
That's all.
Don't tell the villagers what we're doing.
We don't need any villains from
the old world besides the two of us.
What the hell are you talking about?
I'm an accomplice now that you've told me.
You were the one who barged
into the discussion.
Literally.
I'm the one carrying out the plan, anyway.
You're going to need a technician to deploy
that giant-ass cell phone, aren't you?
They already recognize you,
Senku. This is my job.
Let's go to Hell together, the three of us.
But in exchange, let's save the world—
all seven billion people.
All right, we're all set.
We have three task forces:
Chrome on engineering,
Magma on transporting the cell phone,
and Gen on navigation.
There's just one big problem...
The Tsukasa army scout, Homura.
Judging from the lack of snow
on the branches on that hill,
I'm pretty sure she's watching from there.
11.0 vision
You can see that?!
Of course not.
That would be a good route.
It's a straight line from
here to the Tsukasa Empire.
If they find out about
our preemptive strike,
or worse, learn that we have
cell phones, it's all over.
What if we set out in
the middle of the night?
We're carrying vacuum tubes.
It's all over if we trip in the darkness.
Could we outrun them?
Look at all this stuff
we're carrying, dumbass.
That might not work.
Not a problem.
We're going to lure Homura to the other
side using a super science gadget.
The main force will move out in the meantime.
A super science gadget?
If you run electricity through water,
it boils up hydrogen and oxygen.
The mixed gas you get out of
it is called a detonating gas.
Put it in a balloon, like one
made out of a deer's bladder,
and you've got a wimpy bomb that
makes an insanely loud noise.
In other words, a sonic bomb.
All right, here we go.
Time for our preemptive strike.
Detonate the sonic bombs!
Now! Go! The other side!
Go!
It's the final battle versus
the Tsukasa Empire...
The beginning of the Stone Wars!
This is exhilarating!
Next Episode
This is a work of fiction, but the plants,
animals, and production methods described are based on reality.
Foraging and making things on your own accord is extremely dangerous
and, in some cases, illegal. Please do not imitate without expertise.